Update RELEASE.md (#240)
cybozu-go/cke: RELEASE.md

    $ git push origin "v$VERSION"
    ```

> Then CircleCI automatically build and push the tagged container image to [quay.io](https://quay.io/cybozu/cke).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then CircleCI automatically builds and pushes the tagged container image to [quay.io](https://quay.io/cybozu/cke).
```
